Various fixes (#70)
epinio/docs: src/howtos/setup_external_s3.md

|  Variable name | Description | Mandatory |Default |
|:---|:---|:---:|:---:|
| `minio.enabled`  | Whether to install Minio or not | yes | "true" |
| `s3.bucket`  | S3 bucket where you want to store your apps | yes | `epinio` |
| `s3.endpoint`  | S3 endpoint | yes | `minio.epinio.svc.cluster.local` |
| `s3.accessKeyID`  | S3 access key id to authenticate to the endpoint | yes | random value when Minio is enabled |
| `s3.secretAccessKey`  | S3 secret access key id to authenticate to the endpoint| yes | random value when Minio is enabled |
| `s3.useSSL`  | Use SSL for encryption | no | `true` |
| `s3.region`  | S3 region where your bucket is | no | "" |
| `s3.certificateSecret`  | An existing TLS secret to be trusted (if self signed) | no | "minio-tls" if Minio is enabled |

To configure Epinio to store application sources to an external S3 compatible storage, at least the mandatory options should be set.

> (Some implementations don't need the location (e.g. Minio) and `s3-use-ssl` has a default value of "true")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: Some implementations don't need the location (e.g. Minio) and `s3-use-ssl` has a default value of "true".
```

> (Some implementations don't need the location (e.g. Minio) and `s3-use-ssl` has a default value of "true")

Author: ```suggestion
(Some implementations don't need the location (e.g. Minio) and `s3.useSSL` has a default value of "true")
```
